9 2022 release notes (#79)
ni/install-systemlink-enterprise: release-notes/09-2022/README.md

# SystemLink Enterprise 9-2022 Release Notes

The 09-2022 release bundle for SystemLink Enterprise has been published to <https://niedge01.jfrog.io>. Work with your account representative to obtain credentials to access these artifacts.

> **Note:**  If you are upgrading from the 07-2022 release or earlier there is a potential for file meta data loss. [FileIngestionDatabaseRecovery.md](/FileIngestionDatabaseRecovery.md) includes a procedure migrate this data through the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:**  If you are upgrading from the 07-2022 release or earlier. Complete the steps in [FileIngestionDatabaseRecovery.md](/FileIngestionDatabaseRecovery.md) to avoid losing file metadata.
```

- DataFrameService 0.7.x
    - The requirement from the previous release to set `dataframeservice.schema-registry.externalKafka.auth.jaas.password` in the `systemlink-values.yaml` file or via `--set` has been resolved. This setting can be removed from  your values files.
- Admin Helm chart 0.7.x
    - `strimzi-kafka-operator` now requires `defaultImageRegistry` and `imagePullSecrets` to be specified in the `systemlink-admin-values.yaml` file. You must also continue to include these values in `systemlink-values.yaml`. Refer to [getting-started/templates/systemlink-admin-values.yaml](/getting-started/templates/systemlink-admin-values.yaml) for an example of this configuration for `strimzi-kafka-operator`.

> 

Reviewer 2: @arnoldcsorvasi is currently in discussion with Brad Hull about potentially breaking changes in the admin chart related to the previous release of argoworkflows. This may require some cluster resources to be manually deleted by a cluster admin. That is not currently tracked here.

Author: I am going to resolve this conversation since it doesn't appear like we will need to include this info at this time. If we end up needing to we can update the release notes in a future PR.
